README.md, before:


# Produce SVGs for laser cutter

Open with InkScape and save as DXF files for <a href="https://london.hackspace.org.uk">the HackSpace</a> laser cutter

![squares](demos/images/squares.svg "squares from demos/demo-squares.py")

The following images are from demos/demo-spirals.py

Spiral

![spiral](demos/images/spiral.svg "spiral")

Steps

![spiral-steps](demos/images/spiral-steps.svg "spiral-steps")

Whirlpool

![spiral-whirlpool](demos/images/spiral-whirlpool.svg "spiral-whirlpool")

Flower

![spiral-flower](demos/images/spiral-flower.svg "spiral-flower")

Fireball

![spiral-fireball](demos/images/spiral-fireball.svg "spiral-fireball")

Loop back

![spiral-loop-back](demos/images/spiral-loop-back.svg "spiral-loop-back")

Sails

![spiral-sails](demos/images/spiral-sails.svg "spiral-sails")

Squid

![spiral-squid](demos/images/spiral-squid.svg "spiral-squid")

Spiky

![spiral-spiky](demos/images/spiral-spiky.svg "spiral-spiky")

Club

![spiral-club](demos/images/spiral-club.svg "spiral-club")

Images were produced during bug fixing.  The ghost is in the machine

Asymmetric steps
![bug-asymmetric-steps](demos/images/bug-asymmetric-steps.svg "bug-asymmetric-steps")

Rough cartoon star
![bug-spiral-rough-cartoon-star](demos/images/bug-spiral-rough-cartoon-star.svg "bug-spiral-rough-cartoon-star")

Commit message:

Include images of laser cut shapes in README

README.md, after:


# Produce SVGs for laser cutter

Open with InkScape and save as DXF files for <a href="https://london.hackspace.org.uk">the HackSpace</a> laser cutter

Can produce real things like this:

![spiky](48821935002_e0db9ce613_o.jpg)
![spiky](48821420108_c7845dc5da_o.jpg)

From images like these:

![squares](demos/images/squares.svg "squares from demos/demo-squares.py")

The following images are from demos/demo-spirals.py

Spiral

![spiral](demos/images/spiral.svg "spiral")

Steps

![spiral-steps](demos/images/spiral-steps.svg "spiral-steps")

Whirlpool

![spiral-whirlpool](demos/images/spiral-whirlpool.svg "spiral-whirlpool")

Flower

![spiral-flower](demos/images/spiral-flower.svg "spiral-flower")

Fireball

![spiral-fireball](demos/images/spiral-fireball.svg "spiral-fireball")

Loop back

![spiral-loop-back](demos/images/spiral-loop-back.svg "spiral-loop-back")

Sails

![spiral-sails](demos/images/spiral-sails.svg "spiral-sails")

Squid

![spiral-squid](demos/images/spiral-squid.svg "spiral-squid")

Spiky

![spiral-spiky](demos/images/spiral-spiky.svg "spiral-spiky")

Club

![spiral-club](demos/images/spiral-club.svg "spiral-club")

Images were produced during bug fixing.  The ghost is in the machine

Asymmetric steps
![bug-asymmetric-steps](demos/images/bug-asymmetric-steps.svg "bug-asymmetric-steps")

Rough cartoon star
![bug-spiral-rough-cartoon-star](demos/images/bug-spiral-rough-cartoon-star.svg "bug-spiral-rough-cartoon-star")
